---
title: Strong Customer Authentication readiness
description: Learn how the Strong Customer Authentication regulation affects your business and how to update your integration to support it.
stripeDocUrl: https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication
---

Strong Customer Authentication (SCA), a rule in effect as of September 14, 2019, as part of PSD2 regulation in Europe, requires changes to how your European customers authenticate online payments. Card payments require you to use 3D Secure to meet SCA requirements. Your customers' banks might decline transactions that don't follow the new authentication guidelines.

## Who needs SCA support

Update your Onerway integration to support SCA if all of the following apply:

- Your business is located in the European Economic Area (EEA), or you create payments on behalf of connected accounts located in the EEA
- You serve customers in the EEA
- You accept card payments (credit or debit cards)

Although certain low-risk transactions (based on fraud rates related to the payment service provider or bank) don't require authentication, banks can still require customers to complete authentication. Even if you primarily process low-risk transactions, update your integration so customers can complete authentication when banks request it. Learn about [SCA exemptions](http://confluence.ronhan.com).

## Products and APIs that support SCA

Whether you charge one-time payments or save card information for later use, Onerway provides pre-built and customizable products to help you meet SCA requirements.

Integrations that don't support custom SCA implementation are not available, such as integrations using hosted checkout or legacy JS SDK.

### One-time payments

Use API and Checkout to accept card payments. Checkout is a pre-built, Onerway-hosted checkout flow that automatically handles SCA requirements for you. Merchants can request whether to perform SCA strong verification, but cannot customize how it is performed. The API accepts card payments, allowing merchants to customize SCA strong verification and build custom payment flows.

### Reuse cards

Use saved cards for subsequent use. You can also use Checkout to automatically handle SCA requirements, or use subscription exemptions for SCA.

## Custom SCA

If your business already has complete risk control capabilities and PCI DSS compliance qualifications, Onerway supports you to integrate 3D Secure (3DS) services yourself and pass the verification results to us through the API to complete transactions.
